+++
date = '2026-05-05'
draft = false
tags = ['osu!', 'rhythm game', 'video games', 'music']
title = "music I've found through osu!"
+++

Unsuprisingly, when you play a game with thousands of songs, you're bound to find a few that you like. osu! is no exception, so here's some songs I've found through osu! that I really like:

Cheerleader - Porter Robinson: This track is amazing. I don't know if it's hyperpop, or some other genre, but whatever it is I like it and want more.  
Shiawase (VIP) - Dion Timmer: There's not a lot of instrumental songs that I love, but this one is amazing. Very fun.
clarity.wav >:3 - celsuis2004: Speaking of fun, this one's a banger. Apparently it's "dariacore", whatever that means.
Snake Eyes - Feint: Nice DnB track, sounds like a mix of dnb and rock.
Why We Lose - Cartoon: Another DnB track, not much to say other than it being a banger.
Echo - Crusher-P: The first Vocaloid song I liked, great track.
hideaway - Marino: Short (2m) and sweet song that's both fun and sadly very real.
Feel So Close (SKIYE DnB Remix) - Calvin Harris: Unofficial remix. The original is alright, but way too slow. This one spices it up with DnB and higher tempo, and it's so much better. Great osu! map too.
From Under Cover - Foreground Eclipse: One of the first tracks I ever favorited on osu!, it's a great metal song in a game mostly dominated by pop and edm.

That's all I can think of right now. Yes, I'm posting twice in one day, because 1. I want to and 2. I didn't post for 2 days, so this partially makes up for it.