+++
date = '2026-05-01'
draft = false
tags = ['clone hero', 'rhythm game', 'music', 'video games']
title = "grabbing clone hero songs"
+++

Recently (ish), I've been building a local library of lots and lots of songs for Clone Hero (modern community-made version of Guitar Hero for PC). There are 3 main sources of charts for my library:

**Official Charts:** All charts from Rock Band and Guitar Hero games, including DLC. I spent several hours (not an overstatement) going through all the songs in the games and adding them to one folder, filtering out all duplicates. The priority usually went something like:
- Rock Band 3 (Only game to include keys and pro keys, which I use. It also pro guitar and pro bass but I don't use those)
- Most games like Rock Band 4/Guitar Hero 5/GH World Tour etc (These have the same instruments, so it's really just a matter of vibes I guess)
- Guitar Hero Live (The songs from GHTV only had 6-fret, which I converted using a script to 5-fret guitar. The songs included in the base game had 6-fret and 5-fret, but no drums or anything like that. I don't know if I even ended up keeping anything from this game)

**Chorus Enchor/Bridge:** Has lots of community-made charts, and each charter (not chart) has to go through a review process to be accepted on the site. How many instruments that are available depends on the charter, it ranges from just guitar to all instruments, including rhythm guitar, pro guitar, keys, co-op guitar, etc. Bridge is the desktop app that makes downloading easier.

**Rhythmverse:** Like Chorus Enchor, Rhythmverse has lots of community-made charts. Unlike Chorus, it has no review process for charters, so the quality varies. It also supports songs made for offical games, mostly Rock Band 3, which I convert using Onyx. There's a bit of overlap between the two, but Rhythmverse generally has more songs.

I generally prefer the official charts, since they have multiple audio tracks, have multiple instruments, and are guaranteed to be the most accurate available. If a fan-made chart has more instruments, or (in rare cases) is a really, really high quality chart, then I'll use it.

Anyways I added a bit more songs today, and got to try out v1.1 which finally released after a year or so from being announced. Really liking the higher quality textures and whatnot.